we are not in the model house bilbao
let's make a
short tour of the house
has its terrible era for two vehicles passed us from the garden
we can see the service door
and until your front door
after this the living room area
Chilean consul
dining room with sliding doors to go out into the garden
here is your desk
your study
its full bathroom the same concept of galicia that can be in some
moment of my bullfight
take your full year to one side
the cellar
practically on the first level
to galicia
except for the service room we continue to basket
the kitchen
you get a little bit smaller does not have your breakfast now imparted here
and then here
we do not have a service and roofing room
Mack, we say that we do not have any inputs or
it's an environment
the covered census taker but it is open
mulder
that this tombstone
the conditions for washer and dryer
is roofed
cela and belize
and I think so here would be your garden
While
the service door
if we reach the second level
let's go to the second level
filmus the stands
always in this fact because it has the detail of those of the domes
kina many lighting
terminal back we can see the cloth of the secondary bedrooms which is a
full bathroom
with its white furniture
your family
we decided to take the left
is one of the secondary bedrooms
skunk anansie closet
we are going
the opposite direction
we go so
for modesty secondary victory
your window
Over the
I would like the master bedroom
your window
also reported that it has a pretty ceiling
and has its own arch
we do not talk much
second in a container
if you are lucky of all